fix: /ok-to-test /retest pipelineruns should not be created if last sha successful (#2048)
tektoncd/pipelines-as-code: docs/content/docs/guide/policy.md

  to trigger the CI for a pull request by commenting `/ok-to-test`. This enables
  CI to run on pull requests submitted by contributors who are not collaborators
  of the repository or organization. It also applies to `/test` and `/retest`

>   commands. Note that `/retest` will only create new PipelineRuns if previous runs failed. This action takes precedence over the `pull_request` action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  commands. Note that `/retest` will only trigger failed PipelineRuns. This action takes precedence over the `pull_request` action.
```
